 1. What does IDE stand for?
    (a)Integrated Development Environment
    (b)Independent Design Environment
    (c)Ideal Developer Environment
    (d)Intelligent Design Environment

Ans : (a)

 
2. Which of the following are advantages of using Android Studio?(Choose as many answers as you see fit.)
    (a)It can help prevent typos and other mistakes in your code.
    (b)It comes with a virtual device called an emulator that can run your app.
    (c)It can show you a real-time preview of how your app will look on-screen while you code.
    (d)It can automatically translate your app into other languages.
 
Ans : (a),(b),(c)


3. What does “Minimum SDK” refer to in an Android Studio project?
    (a)The minimum amount of storage that your app requires for download
    (b)The minimum number of devices that your app can access
    (c)The minimum download speed that your app requires
    (d)The minimum version of Android that your app can run on

Ans : (d)


4. What is the purpose of using a virtual device, or emulator, in Android Studio?
    (a)To show a variety of error messages to users
    (b)To experiment with app code safely
    (c)To test your app on a device without having that physical device
    (d)To see what your app looks like in a web browser


Ans : (c)


5. In Android Studio, what is a project template good for?(Choose as many answers as you see fit.)
    (a)It causes Android Studio to download files faster.
    (b)It makes getting started on building a new app faster.
    (c)It provides a structure that follows best practices.
    (d)It is the only way to build apps that can be previewed in Android Studio.
    (e)It makes building aa new app less error-prone by pre-populating the project with some app code.

Ans : (b),(c),(e)


6. How do you create a new project in Android Studio?
    (a) Log out of Android Studio, and navigate to your project folder to find instructions.
    (b) If you have a project already open, select File > New > New Project from the Android Studio menu.
    (c) In the “Welcome to Android Studio” window, click “Start a new Android Studio project.”
    (d) Create a new file on your computer, and title it “New Android Studio Project."
    (e)Both B and C are ways to create a new project in Android Studio.
    (f)None of the above

Ans : (e)



 

