1. Which line(s) of XML code will produce an error?

1    <TextView
2        android:layout_width="wrap_content"
3        android:layout_height"wrap_content"
4        android:padding="8dp"
5        android:text="@string/title"
6        android:textSize=18sp />
Choose as many answers as you see fit.


a)Line 1 - Missing closing tag > after <TextView.

b)Line 3 - Missing = symbol after android:layout_height attribute.

c)Line 4 - The android:padding attribute does not exist for a TextView.

d)Line 5 - You should use @str/title to refer to a string resource.

e)Line 6 - Missing quotations around the attribute value 18sp.


Ans : 


2. Which of the following is true about Gradle?
Choose as many answers as you see fit.


a)Gradle is an automated build system used by Android Studio to build your apps.

b)Gradle handles installing your app on a device.

c)Your app’s build.gradle file is written in XML.

d)You can configure Android-specific options for your project in your app’s build.gradle file.

e)The gradle configuration for your project cannot change after you initially create the project.


Ans : 


3. Which of the following statements about app icons are true?
Choose as many answers as you see fit.


a)It is sufficient to provide a single bitmap image of your app icon in your project to make it appear high quality on a range of Android devices.

b)mdpi, hdpi, xhdpi, xxhdpi, and xxxhdpi are density qualifiers for resource directories to indicate that these are resources to be used on devices with a specific screen density.

c)Adaptive icons are made up of a foreground and background layer, and an OEM mask will be applied on top of them.

d)Vector drawables only work for a certain screen density and should not be scaled.

Ans : 


4. Which of the below steps are part of changing the color of your app theme?
Choose as many answers as you see fit.


a)Modify the themes.xml (night) file.

b)Set the primary and secondary color theme attributes of your app theme.

c)Define the colors used in your app as color resources in the colors.xml file.

d)Set the background color of your app in the activity's layout file.

e)Set the color attribute on all your UI components.

f)Change the name of your theme to your preferred color.


Ans : 


5. Why use the Material Components for Android library?
Choose as many answers as you see fit.


a)It provides widgets that follow the Material Design guidelines such as text fields and switches.

b)It makes your code compile faster.

c)It provides default Material themes that you can use directly or extend and then customize.

d)It automatically suggests ways for your app to look better.

e)It helps you more quickly build beautiful user experiences.



Ans : 

